Allow specifying filepath to only run dumps from that file (#63)
Pioneer-Valley-Books/rails-response-dumper: CHANGELOG.md

- The dump property `response.status_text` was renamed to `response.statusText`
  to match the JavaScript `Response` constructor.

> - Add option to specify dump file(s) to run from CLI as an alternative to running all dumps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add option to specify dump files to run from CLI as an alternative to running all dumps.
```
